Edits to getting started running on public clouds quickstarts (#208)
pinot-contrib/pinot-docs: basics/getting-started/public-cloud-examples/azure-quickstart.md

---
description: This quick start guide helps you get started running Pinot on Microsoft Azure.
---

# Running on Azure

> In this quick start guide you will set up a Kubernetes Cluster on [Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/kubernetes-service/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this quickstart guide, you will set up a Kubernetes Cluster on [Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS)](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/kubernetes-service/)
```

              --node-count 3
```

Once the command succeeds, the cluster is ready to be used.

## **5. Connect to an existing cluster**

> Run this command to get the credential for the cluster **pinot-quickstart** that you just created:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to get the credentials for the cluster **pinot-quickstart** that you just created:
```

Reviewer: [following](https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#letter-f) is a bit more explicit that this

                       --name ${AKS_CLUSTER_NAME}
```

> To verify the connection, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify the connection, run the following:
```

Reviewer: per Google dev style, we can include, but don't really need the noun "command"
